Recommend DNS Labels for workload controller names (#38499)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment.md

In this example:

* A Deployment named `nginx-deployment` is created, indicated by the `.metadata.name` field.

  {{< note >}}

>   The `.metadata.name` field will ultimately be used to name the Pods which are created.  This field allows a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When the control plane creates new Pods for a Deployment, the `.metadata.name` of the
  Deployment   is part of the basis for naming those Pods. For a Deployment, the
  `.metadata.name` field allows a
```

  [DNS subdomain](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#dns-subdomain-names) value, but this can

>   produce unexpected results for the Pod hostnames.  Using a
>   [DNS label](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#dns-label-names) for the name is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  produce unexpected results for the Pod hostnames. The Kubernetes project recommends
  that you create Deployments where the `.metadata.name` conforms to the more restrictive
  rules for a
  [DNS label](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#dns-label-names)`
```

Author: ACK

In this example:

* A Deployment named `nginx-deployment` is created, indicated by the `.metadata.name` field.

  {{< note >}}
  When the control plane creates new Pods for a Deployment, the `.metadata.name` of the
  Deployment is part of the basis for naming those Pods.  For a Deployment, the `.metadata.name`
  field allows a [DNS subdomain](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#dns-subdomain-names)
  value, but this can produce unexpected results for the Pod hostnames.  The Kubernetes project recommends
  that you create Deployments where the `.metadata.name` conforms to the more restrictive rules for a
  [DNS label](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#dns-label-names).

>   {{< /note >}}

Reviewer: I wouldn't mention that here. Maybe a brief note and a page-internal link to `#writing-a-deployment-spec`?

If you do that, you could put a similar brief note and another link near:
```markdown
Notice that the name of the ReplicaSet is always formatted as `[DEPLOYMENT-NAME]-[HASH]`.
```

No need to use a `{{< note >}}` for those brief notes.

Author: ACK
